fix urls in built mode (#11)
qibogang/qibogang.github.io: README.md

This is the Qibo's website repository.
Here we describe its contents and show you how to run the site in developement mode, in order to collaborate with us.

> ### Repo's structure

Reviewer: I suggest to add a directory tree, see [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/23989232/is-there-a-way-to-represent-a-directory-tree-in-a-github-readme-md). 
In this way, the description is more understandable.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

### How to run the built site in user mode

For displaying the built site in your browser an host static HTTP server is needed. 

> One possibility is to use the [`python` one](https://docs.python.org/3/library/http.server.html), but this option can be too poor in such cases, in which where it may happen that some pages are not rendered properly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One possibility is to use the [`python` one](https://docs.python.org/3/library/http.server.html), but this option can be too poor in such cases, in which it may happen that some pages are not rendered properly. 
```

> A solution to this is to use a more reliable host. For example, in this case Next 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A solution to this is to use a more reliable HTTP server. For example, in this case Next 
```

> provide us with the possibility to run the site (but it must be built before!) thanks to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
provide us with the possibility to serve a production version of the site (but it must be built before!) using:
```
